Jr. Python Developer
ROBERT SMITHPhone:(123) 456 78 99Email: info@qwikresume.comWebsite: www.qwikresume.comLinkedIn: linkedin.com/qwikresumeAddress:1737 Marshville Road,Alabama
Objective
Experienced Python backend developer committed to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and up­to­date industry knowledge. Has more than three years designing innovative applications and achieving high client satisfaction.

Skills
Database, HTML, CSS, Python, flask, django, javascript, C, sql, mongodb

Work Experience 
Jr. Python Developer
Dell Computers ­- May 2015 - Present
Managed, developed and designed a dashboard control panel for customers and administrators using DJANGO, sqlite and VMWARE API calls. Installation, configuration, integration, tuning, backup, crash recovery, upgrades, patching, monitoring system performance, system and network security and troubleshooting of lLnux/Unix servers. Queried MYSQL database queries from Python using Python­MYSQL Connector and MYSQL DB package to retrieve information. Developed wrapper in Python for instantiating multi­threaded application. Implemented a login module for user, registration of the products, placing the order and tracking the order. Wrote Python routines to log into the websites and fetch data for selected options. Designed email marketing campaigns and created interactive forms that saved data into database using DJANGO framework.

Python Developer
ABC Corporation ­ 2010 – 2015 
Wrote python scripts to parse xml documents and load the data in the database. Used pandas api to put the data as time series and tabular format for east timestamp data manipulation and retrieval. Was involved in the environment, code installation as well as the svn implementation. Cleaned data and processed third­party spending data into maneuverable deliverables within specific formats with excel macros and python libraries. Ensured high quality data collection and maintaining the integrity of the data. Collaborated with internal teams to convert end user feedback into meaningful and improved solutions. This project also used other technologies like jquery for javascript manipulations, bootstrap for the front­end html layout.

Education
Bachelors in Computer Science ­ 2009(West Bengal University Of Technology )
